Azure Virtual Machines could be migrated by Azure Site Recovery. First, let's build the ASR vault in target region
Cross-region migration will be treated as physical machine migration. Select On-promises to Azure, no hypervisor for step prepare infrastructure
And we need to create a virtual machine as the configuration server, in the same virtual network of source virtual machines
Download the configuration installer and credentials for later use
Setup static public IP for configuration server to ensure it could be reached by the ASR
Let's innstall the configuration server
Add manage account to configuration server. The account should be admin of source virtual machines
Register the configuration server to ASR then setup the replication policy
Remote connect to the source virtual machine. Apply registry to enable connection from configuration server
Add source virtual machine to ASR as physical machine, then enable he replication
Once the replication was completed, we could verify it by test failover, or directly start the migration with "failover"
The migrated virtual machine has no public IP by default. Let's assign a public IP manually
Now the virtual machine is running in destination region. Let's check it via remote connection
After the test failover completed, we could clean up the test virtual machine to save cost
(end)